doc: add badges for vscode and chrome extensions (#2351)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: README.md

Reviewer: Either we put `DevTool` or `Extension` for both, either we don't put anything

## Description

[![Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@o3r/core?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/core)

> [![Chrome Devtool](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/aejabgendbpckkdnjaphhlifbhepmbne?style=for-the-badge&label=Chrome%20DevTool&color=%23F2C146)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/otter-devtools/aejabgendbpckkdnjaphhlifbhepmbne)

Reviewer: Chrome Extension ?

> [![Chrome Devtool](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/aejabgendbpckkdnjaphhlifbhepmbne?style=for-the-badge&label=Chrome%20DevTool&color=%23F2C146)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/otter-devtools/aejabgendbpckkdnjaphhlifbhepmbne)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Chrome Extension](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/aejabgendbpckkdnjaphhlifbhepmbne?style=for-the-badge&label=Chrome%20Extension&color=%23F2C146)](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/otter-devtools/aejabgendbpckkdnjaphhlifbhepmbne)
```

> [![VsCode](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/AmadeusITGroup.otter-devtools?style=for-the-badge&label=VS%20Code&color=%2352A6E7)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=AmadeusITGroup.otter-devtools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![VSCode Extension](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/AmadeusITGroup.otter-devtools?style=for-the-badge&label=VSCode%20Extension&color=%2352A6E7)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=AmadeusITGroup.otter-devtools)
```
